The
of the common well.
It came upon a hill and hill, that glorious song of old.
The angels will bring near the earth,
to judge their hearts of gold.
Peace on the earth, good will to men,
from heavens our patience be.
The rolling song of stillness lay,
to hear the angels sing.
Verse two.
Still through the golden skies they come,
with peaceful winds on ground.
And still their heavenly music flows,
for all your weary world.
A loving sound and holy praise,
in them the glory weep.
And evermore its mellow sounds,
of verse the angels sing.
Now let me ask you, are you ready to do this in Welsh?
Yes?
All right, all right.
Choir, everybody on the Welsh verse.
Verse first.
A god and host and me are kind,
a god and all I need.
In the return I'm going to find,
And through the meadow the world will stop,
till long I'll bring it back.
A god and host is come with us.
A god and host render health.